AI #847: Including the Virtual Currency pricing model example for the SaaS appendix (#893)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/appendix/saas_examples/virtual_currency_pricing_model.md

* Acme Co offers a virtual currency pricing model for their services and requires a purchase of virtual currency in advance of usage. Their denomination of virtual currency is called "tokens".
* Acme Co requires purchase of additional tokens in the event of usage exceeding purchased tokens.
* Acme Co publicly lists the cost of their tokens at &dollar;2 per token.

> * Acme Co treats token purchases as a resource and therefore charges for token purchases include ResourceId, ResourceName, and ResourceType.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Acme Co treats token purchases as resources; therefore, charges for token purchases include ResourceId, ResourceName, and ResourceType.
```
